TCO as part of DoD (#9282)
magento/devdocs: src/contributor-guide/contributing_dod.md

Internally, the Magento development teams follow the DoD to ensure that all work meets consistent release criteria.
We encourage our community contributors to also follow the Magento DoD.

At a high level, the criteria defined in our "definition of done" revolve around the principle of writing clean code that is reviewed and includes automated tests and solid documentation along with the code.

## Definition of Done

The checklist that can be used to evaluate if the DoD has been met:

-  All changes must be approved by reviewer.

> -  All changes must be covered by automated tests.

Author: That is making the statement weaker, but that is true. Will apply

> -  All changes must be covered by automated tests if that is possible.

Reviewer: Manual test cases should be created to cover scenarios where automation is not possible.

Author: I did not change the content of DoD apart from TCO analysis and static tests coverage for BIC topics, just decomposition it into several pages for better readability.

Adding manual test cases requirement to DoD should be discussed in a separate PR.

-  All functional changes should be documented.

> -  All backward incompatible changes should be approved and covered by static tests.

Author: Tests should be part of magento-coding-standard to be able to include them within Marketplace extensions checks and Upgrade Compatibility Tool

> -  All backward incompatible changes should be approved and covered by static tests.

Reviewer 2: In this case, we need to better define the requirements, because the `magento-coding-standard` is not really a part of the Magento code

> -  All backward incompatible changes should be approved and covered by static tests.

Author: Improved this point, added more details.

-  TCO impact should be defined for all changes.

The following sections provide additional details about each of these criteria:

## Review

A task, when complete by the author, should be reviewed by a maintainer through a process of formal code review.

The reviewer should check whether the task meets the original acceptance criteria, verify that there are no code defects and that all points of this definition of done are met.

## Tests

> All changes to Adobe Commerce projects should be covered by automated tests to meet the "Definition of Done" (DoD).

Reviewer 3: should  a line be added to say that manual tests should be provided when automated tests cannot cover the change?

should we also mention that the manual testing done for verifying the change(s) should cover the scope of all potentially impacted areas?

Author: I have extracted the automated tests section to a separate page preserving the content. DoD did not contain mentions of manual testing. I think mentioning it is a good idea, but it should be proposed in a separate PR.

> The details on backward compatiblity criterias included in the "Definition of Done" (DoD) can be found on [DoD - Automated Tests page][3]

Reviewer 4: I am confused by this statement. It mentions `backward compatiblity criterias` under `Tests` section and also refer to an `Automated Test page`. It doesn't sounds correct. It looks like it is replacing an old statement which was under `Technical Backward Compatiblity` section. However, details of different types of tests are removed from this document. It might need to be `different types of automated tests` instead of `backward compatiblity criterias`

Author: That's right, thanks for spotting!

> The details on backward compatiblity criterias included in the "Definition of Done" (DoD) can be found on [DoD - Automated Tests page][3]

Author: ```suggestion
The details on different types of automated tests can be found on [DoD - Automated Tests page][3]
```

When submitting either code or documentation, a brief summary of the work should be included in the commit message.

Additionally, the code itself should follow our [DocBlock standard][1] and contain high-quality comments and descriptions for all classes and methods.

For documenting backward-incompatible changes, please see [Backwards Compatible Development][2].

## Backward Compatibility

All backward incompatible changes should be approved and covered by static tests to meet the "Definition of Done" (DoD).

The details on backward compatiblity criterias included in the "Definition of Done" (DoD) can be found on [DoD - Backward Compatibility page][0]

## TCO Analysis

> All functional changes should analysed for the impact on merchant total cost of ownership (TCO) and the results of the analysis should be added to the pull request or issue description to meet the "Definition of Done" (DoD).

Author: that is what it says, isn't it?

> All functional changes should analysed for the impact on merchant total cost of ownership (TCO) and the results of the analysis should be added to the pull request or issue description to meet the "Definition of Done" (DoD).

Reviewer 2: not really :)
we rarely call tickets as issues, this is primarily used for GitHub issues
At least I would recommend formulating it as `... the results of the analysis should be added to the issue or pull request description ...`

> All functional changes should analysed for the impact on merchant total cost of ownership (TCO) and the results of the analysis should be added to the pull request or issue description to meet the "Definition of Done" (DoD).

Author: changed `pull request or issue` to `issue or pull request` according to your suggestion
